docs: Claude Skills for style guide 2 (#24048)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/guides/developer/sui-101/client-tssdk.mdx

## Installing dependencies

To get started, you need a React app. The following steps apply to any React app, so you can follow the same steps to add dApp Kit to an existing React app. If you are starting a new project, you can use Vite to scaffold a new React app.

> Run the following command in your terminal or console, and select React as the framework, and then select 1 of the TypeScript templates:

Author: ```suggestion
Run the following command in your terminal or console, and select React as the framework, and then select a TypeScript template:
```

## Setting up Provider components

> To use all the features of dApp Kit, wrap your app with 2 `Provider` components.

Author: ```suggestion
To use all the features of dApp Kit, wrap your app with `Provider` components.
```
